[OSDOCS#17059]: CQA 2.0 mirroring image repository (#114900)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mirror-oc-adm-release.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * updating/updating_a_cluster/updating_disconnected_cluster/mirroring-image-repository.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="update-mirror-repository-adm-release-mirror_{context}"]
= Mirroring images using the oc adm release mirror command

[role="_abstract"]
You can use the `oc adm release mirror` command to mirror images to your mirror registry.

> // Note to CQA assignee: this deprecation notice is in 4.22+ docs, this should not be backported to 4.20 and 4.21 docs while cherry picking CQAs.

Author: FYI

Reviewer: There's a chance that the deprecation notice in the assembly wouldn't have been pulled in to auto cherry picks, but I think this definitely will. Nothing that you need to do before merging, but just an FYI that we will almost certainly need to do manual cherry picks to remove this from the module in 4.20 and 4.21 (even if the auto cherry picks get created successfully).

But let's see after we merge this

include::snippets/oc-adm-release-mirror-depr.adoc[]

The requirements for a mirror registry are:

> * You must have a container image registry that supports 'Docker v2-2' in the location that will host the {product-title} cluster, such as {quay}.

Reviewer: I think since you removed the (now useless) link to the Docker docs, you can just make this plain text. 
```suggestion
* You must have a container image registry that supports Docker v2-2 in the location that will host the {product-title} cluster, such as {quay}.
```

Either way this stuff is deprecated and will be removed somewhat soon, so it isn't the most critical to get everything in this section right

+
[NOTE]
====

> If you use {quay}, you must use version 3.6 or later with the oc-mirror plugin. If you have an entitlement to {quay}, see the documentation on 'deploying {quay} for proof-of-concept purposes' or 'deploying {quay} by using the Quay Operator'. If you need additional information about selecting and installing a registry, contact your sales representative or Red Hat Support.

Reviewer: These should be double quotes instead of single:
```suggestion
If you use {quay}, you must use version 3.6 or later with the oc-mirror plugin. If you have an entitlement to {quay}, see the documentation on "deploying {quay} for proof-of-concept purposes" or "deploying {quay} by using the Quay Operator". If you need additional information about selecting and installing a registry, contact your sales representative or Red Hat Support.
```

====

> * If you do not have an existing solution for a container image registry, see the 'Mirror registry for Red Hat OpenShift' in {product-title} subscriptions. The mirror registry for Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift is a small-scale container registry that you can use to mirror {product-title} container images in disconnected installations and updates.

Reviewer: These should be double quotes instead of single:

```suggestion
* If you do not have an existing solution for a container image registry, see the "Mirror registry for Red Hat OpenShift" in {product-title} subscriptions. The mirror registry for Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift is a small-scale container registry that you can use to mirror {product-title} container images in disconnected installations and updates.
```
